Following are the Committees formed to assist the Polytechnic administration for the year  2020-21

1.	Academic Committee
Under Autonomous scheme, the Institute has constituted the Academic Board to review and approve the academic related matters through meetings when and where required.  

The following shall be the members of the Academic Board:

Sl. No.	Constitution	Role
1.		Principal	Chairman
2.		One Representative from the State Board of Technical Examination	Member
3.		One nominee from ISTE	Member
4.		One member from NITTTR, Chennai	Member
5.		Two experts from Industry	Member
6.		HOD of Architecture	Member
7.		HOD of Commercial Practice	Member
8.		HOD of Computer Science  & Engg.	Member
9.		HOD of Jewellery Design & Technology	Member
10.		HOD of Electronics & Communication Engg.	Member
11.		HOD of Computer Applications for the Visually Impaired	Member
12.		One Senior Faculty of the Institution 	Member
13.		One Representative of the Alumni of the Institution	Member
14.		Controller of the Examination of the Institute 	Member Secretary





Roles and responsibilities
	To frame curricula for the courses based on the guidelines of Directorate of Technical Education and get them approved by the Curriculum Development Cell, DTE, Govt. of Karnataka
	To decide the teaching methods and sequence.
	To evolve and adopt suitable practical and project oriented training programmes, educational tours etc.
	To update the course contents according to the changing needs and communicate them to the DTE.
	To device suitable methods of continuous internal evaluation system.
	To device suitable forms of records for entering marks / grades obtained by the students in the various tests and examinations.
	To appoint such other adhoc or standing committees to perform such functions as it may delegate in both Curriculum formation and evaluation.
	To perform such other functions as may be prescribed by the Directorate of Technical Education for maintaining high standard of technician training.


2.Examination Committee
Under Autonomous scheme, the Institute has constituted the Awards Committee to review and approve the examination related matters through meetings at the end of each examination (twice in a year)

Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
1.		Director, Technical Education Division, JSS Mahavidyapeetha 	Chairman
2.		Principal	Member
3.		One Representative from the State Board of Technical Examination	Member
4.		HOD of Architecture	Member
5.		HOD of Commercial Practice	Member
6.		HOD of Computer Science &Engg.	Member
7.		HOD of Jewellery Design & Technology	Member
8.		HOD of Electronics & Communication Engg.	Member
9.		HOD of Computer Applications for the Visually Impaired	Member
10.		One Senior Faculty of the Institution 	Member
11.		Controller of the Examination of the Institute 	Member Secretary
	

Roles and responsibilities
	To review the working of the internal and external evaluation scheme and to inspect the records thereof.
	To provide statistical analysis of assessment of student’s performance and to suggest norms for grading based on the guidelines of the Directorate of Technical Education.
	To recommend candidates to the Board of Technical Examinations for either promotion to the next higher semester or for the award of Diplomas.
	To device suitable mechanism to hear and dispose of appeals from individual student against evaluation.
	To perform such other functions as may be prescribed by the Directorate in connection with evaluation of student’s performance.
	The Awards Committee shall meet as often as necessary, at least twice in a year.


3.Mentor Scheme

Mentoring is sharing knowledge, skills and life experience to guide students towards reaching their full potential. The purpose of mentoring is to provide students with all support and resources for improvement of academic performances and inform the parents about their ward’s performance and also motivating them towards their future career development. 



Sl. No.	Constitution	Role
1.		Principal	Chairman
2.		HOD of Architecture	Member
3.		HOD of Commercial Practice	Member
4.		HOD of Computer Science  & Engg.	Member
5.		HOD of Jewellery Design & Technology	Member
6.		HOD of Electronics & Communication Engg.	Member
7.		HOD of Computer Applications for the Visually Impaired	Member
8.		One Representative of the Alumni of the Institution	Member
9.		Controller of the Examination of the Institute	Member
10.		Sign Language Interpreter	Member
11.		Psychologist	Member Secretary








Roles and responsibilities
	To  Improvement in students’ attendance.
	To Improvement in students’ academic performance/technical skills.
	To Improvement in the participation of Co-curricular activities.
	To Improvement in quality of Activities, laboratory Records and Projects.
	To Improvement in personality development of student.  Interptretor 
	To Improvement of self confidence among students.
	To Proficiency in addressing the societal issues.


4.Career Guidance
Career guidance and counseling program aims to provide assistance and advice for the students to build their career. The institute organizes ‘Career awareness workshop’ for all the students in collaboration with NGO namely EnAble India, Bengaluru. This helps the student to plan their career with the help of career planning and individual learns to develop self- confidence, self-concept, learns how to adapt work situations and then make a right choice for oneself based on information gathered. Modules are prepared with time table and attendance is maintained. 
Mrs. Suchetha M, Psychologist along with all the faculties counsels the students on their career. Group counseling is also done at classrooms to give students exposure on all the options they have for their future. An approximate of 135 counseling was done in the year 2019-2020. The cell also helps students share knowledge about them by identifying their skills and interests and provide information about further course prerequisites, financial aid, academic planning and entrance examinations.

Roles & Responsibilities:
	Realizing the career opportunities available
	Increased sense of self awareness
	Development of resume
	Preparedness for interviews.

      5.Placement & Training Committee

The training and placement Committee  facilitates the process of placement of students passing out from the Institute besides collaborating with leading organizations and institutes in setting up of internship and training program for students. The cell is headed by a dedicated faculty member Mr. Kushal K, the guidance of Principal and with the support from department placement coordinators.
             
            List of department placement coordinators
Sl. No	Department	Placement Coordinator
1.		Architecture	Sri. D S Mahadevaswamy
2.		Commercial Practice	Smt. Murugamma
3.		Computer Science and Engineering	Smt. Spoorthi U N
4.		Electronics and Communication Engineering	Smt. Komala M
5.		Jewellery Design and Technology	Sri. Raghu C P
6.		Computer Applications for the Visually Impaired	Sri. Shankar S

Training and placement cell is well equipped with facilities where an individual can nurture his growth to the maximum. The cell guides students to build their career and organize periodic Training program to improve the student’s knowledge and skills. Since students need individual attention and care, the cell makes sure that every student is given priority according to their individual preferences. 


06. Sports Committee
Sri H N Mahadevaswamy, Physical education Instructor is in-charge of sports and games in this institute involved in providing physical education training to the students, arrangement of sports and games events within the institute, encourage and bring the students to District, State & National level sports events and maintenance of sports and games facilities.

07.Cultural Activity Committee

Smt. Prathima M, Lecturer in Electronics & Communication Engineering is in-charge of Cultural Committee to encourage our differently abled students to participate in cultural activities arranged within the institute and also participation of cultural events organized by JSS Mahavidyapeetha, Mysuru Dasara cultural events and many other events organized by NGOs and other institutions.


08.Alumni Association

Smt Sunanda, Selection Grade Leturer, Department of Computer Science and Engineering is Coordinator of Alumni association of this institute and the association is involved in creating common platform for the alumni of the polytechnic by conducting Alumni meet and organizing special events like Quiz, Drawing, and Singing Competitions and enables the alumni to get help from the polytechnic for their advancement. And also arranged the meetings; prepare reports, maintains accounts. 
        Our institute having alumni association with an objective of the concept of Alumni Association evolved for needs from both the ends, i.e. academicians and professionals, in the aim of building a bridge between college life and career life, so that the fresher graduates are made proactive to face the current challenges of competitive professional world. Both the ends shall work hand in hand to help each other for achieving the goal. The idea took shape and formation of Alumni Association turned into reality.
       The Association meets every year and conducted many events for our students and other students to motivate the students learning abilities and extra co-curricular activities.  The Alumni Association has 747 registered members.	

             Details of Members in Alumni Association:

Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
1.		Sri  B Elangovan,  Principal, JSSPDA	President
2.		Smt. D Banumathi, Lecturer in CS, JSSPW	Vice president
3.		Sri Shivakumar S P, Entrepreneur, Mandya	Secretary
4.		Sri Shankar S, Instructor, Dept. of CA, JSSPDA	Treasurer
5.		Sri Lokesh M L, Mechanic, Dept. of AR, JSSPDA	Alumni Member
6.		Sri Devaraj V Manuvachari,
 Instructor, Dept. of JD, JSSPDA	Alumni Members
7.		Sri Santhosh C, Instructor, Dept. of  CS, JSSPDA	Alumni Members
8.		Sri Raju G Rathod, 
Assistant Instructor, Dept. of CS, SJCE	Alumni Members
9.		Sri Suryakanth Kalshetty,  
Technical Officer, Dept. of  IT, SJCE	Alumni Members
10.		Sri N M Shivakumaraswamy, 
Sl. Gr. Lecturer in Science, JSSPDA	Department Co-ordinator
11.		Sri D S Mahadevaswamy,  
Instructor, Dept. of AR, JSSPDA	Department Co-ordinator
12.		Sri Sumatheendra R, Lecturer in CP, JSSPDA	Department Co-ordinator
13.		Kum. K Leelavathi, Instructor, Dept. of  CS, JSSPDA	Department Co-ordinator
14.		Smt. M Komala, Lecturer in EC, JSSPDA	Department Co-ordinator
15.		Sri C P Raghu, Gold Smith, Dept. of JD, JSSPDA	Department Co-ordinator
16.		Smt Sunanda, Selection Grade Leturer, JSSPDA	Co-ordinator








Other Sections in JSSPDA:
Admission Section:
Smt. C. Nirupama, HOD of CS is the in-charge of admission committee along with the identified faculty / staff members during the admission to First year in every academic year.  To staff members are involved in the admission process including issue of application forms, receipt of filled forms, data entry into admission software, preparation of admission reports, collection of required documents, conduction of interview for selection of candidates, Finalization of selected candidates, preparation of approval from the Board and announcement of final list of students.

Establishment Section:
Sri Raju N, First Division Assistant is the in-charge of this section involved in Human Resource Management activities of this institute.  The activities are preparation for appointment of staff, maintenance of Staff service records, preparation of pay roll, payment of statutory deductions like EPF, ESI, Insurance, Income Tax, Professional Tax, Family Benefit Fund etc.

Development Section:
Dr. Palaniswamy, Second Division Assistant is the in-charge of this section involved in activities related to the overall development of the institute.  The activities include stores management, maintenance, submission of proposals to Management, Government and other agencies, vehicle maintenance, Arrangement of meetings etc.

Accounts Section:
Smt. S Shashikala is the in-charge of this section involved in activities related to financial accounting such as maintenance of ledgers, petty cash, budget preparation, auditing and submission of audited statements to Management and Government etc.



Industry Institute Partnership Cell:
Sri Raghu M B, Sl. Grade Lecturer in Commerce is the in-charge of this cell involved in activities related to industry relations, arranging industrial visits for students of all the departments, arranging seminars/workshops, preparation of budget for IIP cell activities, submission of accounts, etc.
Disability support unit:
Being a special institute for students with special needs, Disability Support Unit is established to provide various support services to the students including Scholarship support, Sign Language support, Speech Therapy, counselling and guidance and other specific needs.  Smt. Suchetha, Lecturer in Psychology and Smt. Kanchan Sharma, Sign Language Interpreter will be looking after the unit to provide various support services to the students. 

NSS Unit:
Sri Srinivasa B, Lecturer in Commercial Practice is in-charge of NSS Unit of this institute involved in enrolling the students to NSS unit, arrangement of NSS activities, special NSS camps to motivate students to participate in social service activities.  Also submission of periodical reports to NSS authorities and maintain accounts related to NSS activities from the grant received from the government.

Youth Red Cross Unit:
Smt. Murugamma, Lecturer in Commercial Practice is in-charge of Youth Red Cross Unit involved in Red Cross activities to all the students of this polytechnic.  Also maintains accounts and submission of reports to concerned authorities and documentation of activities.

ISTE Chapter:
Smt. Nandini D V, Sl. Gr. Lecturer in English is in-charge of ISTE Chapter and ISTE Students Chapter of this institute.  Various activities such as enrollment of Faculty into ISTE chapter, enrollment of students to ISTE Student chapter, organization of workshops / guest lectures and other student related activities through ISTE chapter.  

E-Governance Cell:
Sri K S Mahesh, System Analyst is in-charge of E-Governance Cell and invoved in all E-Governance activities such as submission of online proposals to AICTE under AQIS, facilitation to students to submit the profile to online portals like State and Central scholarships, submission of data for AISHE, submission of details for AICTE EOA, statutory deductions such as EPF, ESI, Income Tax, Professional Tax, FBF through online payments and other system and network maintenance.

Magazine Committee:
Sri Gurushanathappa R Nidavani, Lecturer in Art is in-charge of Magazine Committee involved in collection of articles from staff and students, design of cover page, composing of articles and proof reading, arrangements of images and photos for magazine and other activities related to printing and distribution of magazines.
