The following are the Committees formed to assist the Polytechnic  administration for the                 year 2020-21

1.	Internal Quality Assurance Cell – IQAC
The Internal Quality Assurance Cell was constituted by the Institute to inspect / verify all the academic related documents such as IA test books, attendance registers, course plan, continuous internal evaluation sheets, CO attainments of courses, time tables, practical records, academic calendars and other academic documents related to the department etc.  The committee also prepare the detailed proceedings of the verification process and further action will be initiated depending on the shortfalls of the evaluation.  
The IQAC consists of the following members:

Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
1.		Sri B Elangovan, Principal	Chairman
2.		Smt. C Nirupama, Programme Coordinator, Dept. of CS	Member
3.		Dr. S Uma, Programme Coordinator, Dept. of AR	Member
4.		Sri K Mahadevaswamy, Programme Coordinator, Dept. of CP	Member
5.		Smt. C Kavya, Programme Coordinator, Dept. of EC	Member
6.		Smt. V Geetha, Programme Coordinator, Dept. of CAVI	Member
7.		Dr. S G Srikantaswamy, Sl. Gr. Lecturer in TC	Member
8.		Smt. Sunanda, Sl. Gr. Lecturer in CS	Member
9.		Sri M B Raghu, Sl. Gr. Lecturer in CP	Member
10.		Smt. M Suchetha, Lecturer in Psychology	Member
11.		Smt. D Banumathi, Lecturer in CS, JSSPW, Mysuru	Alumni Member
12.		Smt. Shilpa Jnanesh, Sr. HR Manager, M/s rProcess, Mysuru 	Industry Member
13.		Sri N M Shivakumaraswamy, Sl. Gr. Lecturer in Science	Coordinator

Roles and Responsibilities
	Improvement of quality of teaching by regular inputs to all concerned on feedback of students.
	Providing inputs for better practices in administration for effective resource utilization of better services to the staff and students.
	Providing inputs for academic audit and analysis of results for improvement in the areas found weak.
2.	Women’s Security, Welfare & Grievance Redressal:
Smt. Geetha V, Lecturer in Computer Applications for the Visually Impaired, is in-charge of Women’s Security, Welfare & Grievance Redressal Unit involved with the cases/complaints of sexual harassment and any other type of harassment of female students, teaching and non-teaching women’s Staff. 

Details of Members in Women’s Security, Welfare & Grievance Redressal Unit:

Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
1	Sri B Elangovan, Principal	Chairman
2	Smt. Nirupama C, HOD of CS	Executive Chairperson
3	Smt. Uma S, SGL in AR	Member
4	Sri Shivakumaraswamy N.M, Warden	Member
5	Smt. Kavya C, HOD of EC	Member
6	Sri Raju N, FDA	Member
7	Smt. Komala M, Lecturer in EC	Member
8	Kum. Roopanjali H S, Lecturer in EC	Member
9	Smt. Geetha V, HOD of CA	Member Secretary

Roles and responsibilities
1.	To receive complaints, if any, from the  staff and students who have been subject to sexual harassment. 
2.	To keep all records intact and in the proper order of the complaints received. 
3.	To inquire into such complaints and establish the facts.  
4.	To keep an detailed process document of each such case describing the methods adopted and the settlement reached in solving the problem.

3.	Anti Ragging Committee
The Anti Ragging Committee comprising of the following members to create awareness about ragging and ensure a student-friendly environment at all times and to facilitate campus monitoring to ensure ragging free campus.

       Details of Members in Anti-Ragging Committee
Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
1	Sri B Elangovan, Principal	Chairman
2	Smt. Nirupama C, HOD of CS	Member
3	Sri Shivakumaraswamy N M, Warden	Member
4	Sri Chandrashekar H E, HOD of AR	Member
5	Sri Mahadevaswamy K, HOD of CP	Member
6	Sri Srikantaswamy S G, SGL in TC	Member
7	Sri Raghu M B, SGL in CP	Member
8	Police Inspector,
Jayalakshmipuram Police Station, Mysuru	Member
9	Sri Devegowda, Security Officer	Member
10	Kum. Lingapriya , CS 
Sri Sanjay, EC
Kum. Sparsha , CS
Sri Puneethkumar, AR	Student Members
11	Smt. Uma S, SGL in AR	Member Secretary



4.	Grievance Redressal Committee
The Grievance Redressal Cell is established to receive the grievances / complaints from the stakeholders including the students, staff, parents through a well defined web interface.The committee receives any complaints either from the web portal or manually will be addressed in consultation with the concerned redressee along with the committee members to resolve the issues.  
The Grievance Redressal Cell is formed with the following members:
Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
01	Prof. B.S. Basavarajaiah - Retired Professor	OMBUDSMAN
02	Smt. Nirupama C - HOD of CS	Grievance Redressal
03	Sri Chandrashekar H E - HOD of AR	Grievance Redressal
04	Sri B Elangovan - Principal	Grievance Redressal
05	Sri Mahadevaswamy K – HOD of CP	Grievance Redressal
06	Sri Shivakumaraswamy N M – HOD of JD & Warden	Grievance Redressal

Roles and responsibilities

1.	This cell should help the staff, students and Parents to record their complaints and solve their problems related to academics, resources and personal grievances. Complaint / suggestion boxes can be installed.
2.	To receive Grievance from faculty, staff and students / parents. 
3.	To find the facts of the grievances and to suggest remedial and preventive measures. 
4.	To review the suggestions / complaints raised by the students during periodical counseling. 
5.	To review the outgoing student’s feedback.

	
5.	Internal Complaints Committee

The Internal Complaint Committee comprising of the following members to address the complaints received by the students:

Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
1.		Smt. C Nirupama, Programme Cooridnator, Dept. of CS	Presiding Officer
2.		Sri N M Shivakumaraswamy, Sl. Gr. Lecturer in Science	Member
3.		Smt. N G Nayana, Lecturer in CS	Member
4.		Smt. B P Dakshayini, Studio Assistant	Member
5.		Sri C V T Murthy, Helper in CS	Member
6.		Kum. H B Priya, 3rd Sem CS	Student Member
7.		Kum. Ranjani, 3rd Sem JD&T	Student Member
8.		Sri S Rahul, 3rd Sem E&C	Student Member

Roles and responsibilities
1.	To receive complaints, if any, from the lady staff and girl students who have been subject to sexual harassment. 
2.	To keep all records intact and in the proper order of the complaints received. 
3.	To inquire into such complaints and establish the facts.  
4.	To keep an elaborate process document of each such case describing the methods adopted and the settlement reached in solving the problem.

6.	SC / ST Committee:
Sri. Srinivasa B, Lecturer in Commercial Practice is in-charge of SC/ST Committee, The Committee aim to uplift the morale of deprived section of students and staff. And also Students are properly informed about different scholarship schemes, deadlines etc. to avail the benefit.

Details of Members in SC/ST Committee:

Sl. No.	Name & Designation	Role
01	Sri B Elangovan - Principal	Chairman
02	Smt. Nirupama C - HOD of CS	Member
03	Sri Chandrashekar H E - HOD of AR	Member
04	Sri Mahadevaswamy K – HOD of CP	Member
05	Sri Shivakumaraswamy N M – HOD of JD & Warden	Member
06	Smt. Kavya C – HOD of EC	Member
07	Smt. Geetha V- HOD of CAVI	Member
08	Sri Raghu M B – SGL in CP	Member
09	Sri Srinivasa B ¬– Lecturer in CP	Member Secretary


Roles and responsibilities
1.	To counsel and guide SC/ ST/OBC students and also help them to manage academic and personal issues of college.
2.	To ensure provisions of an environment where all such students feel safe and secure.
3.	To provide prompt counselling for any emotional emergencies arising on account of any event at the campus.
4.	Resolve the any issues relating to discrimination experienced by the students/ employees in the College.
5.	To ensure protection and reservation as provided in the Constitution of India.
6.	To arrange for special opportunities to enhance the carrier growth.
7.	To aware the SC/ST students regarding various scholarships program of State Govt., AICTE .
