
Governing Council
The Polytechnic has the Governing Council which has a set of members constituted by the Management as per the norms of AICTE for giving guidance regarding administration of the Institution. 

The composition of Governing Council :

The Governing Council shall have at least 11 members including the Chairman and the Member-Secretary.  The Management / Registered Society shall nominate members including the Chairman and the Member-Secretary as indicated below :

•	The Chairman
•	Two to Five members (Industrialist / Technologist / Educationalist).
•	One nominee from the Affiliating Board.
•	One nominee from All India Council for Technical Education (Ex-Officio).
•	One nominee from the State Government (Ex-Officio).
•	One Senior Faculty member of the Institute.
•	Principal of the concerned Technical institution is the Member Secretary.


   GOVERNING COUNCIL MEMBERS
Sl. No	NAME	DESIGNATION
1.	1	His Holiness Jagadguru Sri Shivarathri Deshikendra Mahaswamigalavaru, President, JSS Mahavidyapeetha, Mysuru	Chairman
2.	2	Dr. C G Betsurmath, Executive Secretary, 
JSS Mahavidyapeetha, Mysuru.	Member
3.	3	Prof. M H Dhananjaya, Advisor, Technical Education Division, JSS Mahavidyapeetha, Mysuru.	Member
4.	4	Dr. H R Mahadevaswamy, Joint Director, Technical Education Division, JSS Mahavidyapeetha, Mysuru.	Member
5.	5	Sri B R Umakant, Joint Director (Projects), Technical Education Division,  JSS Mahavidyapeetha, Mysuru.	Member
6.	6	Smt. Shanthi Raghavan, Founder, Managing Trustee,  
M/s EnAable India Pvt. Ltd., #473/B, Adugodi Main Road, 8th Block Koramangala, Bengaluru – 560 095	Member
7.	7	The Director, Department of Technical Education, Govt. of Karnataka, TantrikaShikshanaBhavan, Palace Road, Bengaluru – 560 001	Member
8.	8	The Regional Officer, SWRO –   AICTE, 
University Campus, Bengaluru – 560 001	Member
9.	9	The State Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, # 55, Rasildhar Street,  Sheshadripuram, Bengaluru – 560 001	Member
10.	10	Sri N Narendra, Managing Director, M/s Vinyas Innovative Technologies Pvt.     Ltd., Hebbal Industrial Estate, Hebbal, Mysuru – 570 027	Member
11.	11	Sri Murali Kumar, Programme Director, Centre for Inclusion,  M/s EnAble India Pvt. Ltd.,# 473/B, Adugodi Main Road, 8th Block, Koramangala, Bengaluru – 560 095	Member
12.	12	Sri N M Shivakumaraswamy, Sl. Gr. Lecturer in Science,  JSS Polytechnic for the Differently Abled, Mysuru – 570 006	Member
13.	13	Sri B Elangovan, Principal, 
JSS Polytechnic for the Differently Abled, Mysuru – 570 006	Member


      Functions and responsibilities of the Governing Council:
	Review the action taken in connection with the resolution made during last meeting. 
	Analyze and understand the present administrative processes and provide guidance for improvement of overall development of the Institute.
	Critical comments on the proposed list of activities of the Institute.
	Analyze and guide the financial status of the Institute.
	Suggestions to improve the admissions, placement and other academic requirements of the institute.
	Approval for various activities conducted by the Institute in the areas of curricular, co-curricular and extra curricular. 
	Approval of new initiatives, projects and suggestions for improvement.
              Suggestions / recommendations for further development

     GC Meeting Proceedings:
•	27 GC Meeting Proceedings   Click Here
•	26 GC Meeting Proceedings   Click Here
•	25 GC Meeting Proceedings    Click Here
