JSSPDA Employee Benefits
a.	Gratuity: It is a prescribed benefit plan and is one of the many retirement privileges by the employer to the employee upon leaving the organization. A person who has served in this organization for at least 5 years is eligible for this benefit. This computation is based on his/her average salary, dearness allowance, and the number of years he/she worked in the organization. 
	The employee is eligible for 15 days of salary for every one calendar year of service in the organization.
All the management employees of the institution are provided with the Gratuity (linked to LIC scheme) as per the Govt. of India notification. For grant-in-aid employees this scheme will be applicable as per the KCSR.
b.	Employee Provident Fund (EPF) & Employee Pension Scheme: Employee Provident Fund (EPF) & Employee Pension Schemes are provided to all the eligible employees as per Central Government norms. Under the EPF scheme, 12% of an employee's monthly basic salary + dearness allowance subjected to calculations for maximum of 15000/- ceiling limit towards EPF. The employer contribution is 12% (split into 8.33% towards Employees Family Pension Scheme or EFPS) and 3.67% EPF.
 Employee Provident Fund (EPF) & Employee Pension Scheme to all themanagement employees of the institution as per the Govt. of India notification.For grant-in-aid employees this scheme will be applicable as per the KCSR.
c.	Group Mediclaim facility: Group mediclaim facility is provided to all the employees of JSSPDA (optional) with cashless hospital admission facility.
d.	Employee State Insurance Corporation: ESI Medical Benefits. Employees' State Insurance or ESI is a comprehensive social security program for workers in the event of medical contingencies, such as sickness, maternity, death, or disablement due to employment injury and occupational disease.  ESI facility is extended to all the employees with the ceiling limit of total salary Rs. 21,000/- per month.
e.	Maternity Benefit: Women Employees can avail 135 days of maternity leave with full salary and shall not exceed two occasions during the service period of the employee. Maternity leave facility under ESI Scheme is also available up to 180 days extended for the ESI scheme employees. 
Maternity Leave benefits are extended to all the eligible employees as per Government notification.  For grant-in-aid employees this scheme will be applicable as per the KCSR.
f.	Group Personal Accident Policy: All JSSAPDA Employees are covered under Group Personal Accident Insurance with Sum Assured of Rs.2,50,000/-, and accidental hospitalization expenses up to Rs50,000/-. If the staff is met with an accident, not able to attend the duties due to temporary total disabilities, weekly compensation Rs. 5000/- will be payable for a period of 52 weeks.
g.	Early death Life Insurance (EDLI) scheme: EDLI facility related to the death of the employee during his service period. This is extended to all the MANAGEMENT employees of JSSPDA up to a limit of 700000/-.For grant-in-aid employees this scheme will be applicable as per the KCSR.
